# v0.4.3

- You can now install OptiFine and Forge together!

Added alternate fabric implementations for versions without official Fabric support:

- **Legacy Fabric** (`1.3`-`1.13`)
- **OrnitheMC** (`b1.7`-`1.13`)
- **Babric** and **Cursed Legacy** (`b1.7.3`)

---

# UX

- Export mods as a text list for easy manual sharing,
  with optional links and instance details.
- Tweaked and rearranged many menus/messages.
- The Create Instance screen now auto-fills the version and name by default.

## Mod Menu

Revamped the mod menu, now with:

- **Icons** and Search
- Easy bulk-selection (ctrl-a, shift/ctrl+click)
- Better aesthetics and layout

# Keyboard Navigation

- `Ctrl/Cmd/Alt 1/2/3` to switch tabs in main screen
- `Ctrl N` to create new instance
- `Ctrl ,` to open settings

---

# Fixes

> **Note**: On linux, the files location has been moved from
> `~/.config` to `~/.local/share` (with auto-migration via symlinks)

- Colored terminal output on Windows.
- CurseForge mods without a loader can now be installed.
- Instances from newer launcher versions can be opened in v0.4.1.
- Backspace no longer kills running instances without Ctrl.
- Added warning if xrandr isn't installed.

- Fixed the game log being a single-line mess.
- Fixed "java binary not found" macOS error.
- Fixed crash with "Better Discord Rich Presence" mod.
- Fixed launcher panic when launching the game.
- Fixed NeoForge 1.21.1 and Forge 1.21.5 crash (reinstall loader to apply).
- Fixed forge installer error: "Processor failed, invalid outputs".
- Fixed `SSLHandshakeException` crash on Windows.
